today we are going to replace an air
door actuator on a 2000 Ford Windstar
van the reason we're doing this is
because the symptoms of having a bad
blend or actuator is that you will get
heat in the back part of van from from
the passenger area but you'll be blowing
cold air from the front part of the van
where the driver sits that's a very
uncomfortable situation so we're going
to replace this actuator and see if it
fixes it what I have are a couple of
Ford in puller gonna insert those into
your to remove your radio your stereo
the National winter actually sits back
in here way back in the back
so you can see why we had to remove the
radio and we're going to have to remove
this - section right here to get to it
on the bottom of this clip is a little
push tab you've got to push it up and
release it's a little push down right
there when you push it it releases it at
ur that's the only one that you've gotta
release
you
Oh
beyond the
feel
it's where you want
yeah
they get changed